ja's video liberation army Today is a high-performance gaming mouse from ec technology
We had you offer
Game blanket and ordinary business mouse
What's the difference? First, the number of buttons. Mouse buttons for business . About 2 +
wheel
Or back forward
+ There are a lot of two game mouse buttons
I can button click wheel of the usual left and right
And there are two buttons here
Furthermore there are four buttons on the right side
From these buttons ec technology site
You can download the ut software and you can configure the settings you like
So it will be able to enjoy a quick game Well part
It seems that some software games like this are banned
I can change the speed that dances next
I'd like to buy the speed freely in the game, right?
It is usually necessary to change from the reaction speed setting screen of the mouse
Enter the setting screen and change again during the game
I can not usually do it because I use it for PC game medical college
Speed ​​system mouse
I don't want to buy too much, but I'm still late and this cpi button
Click this once and then turn this wheel to support the reaction speed of the mouse
You can
Confirm with cpi button again with desired reaction speed
The speed is displayed on this bar, which is very easy to understand
The basic rate of 3 stages can be supported by further calling the polling rate
I can customize the last to say that the game mouse and weight
You can open this part Then'm ne This battery contains the this way something like a battery
Without it is amulet
You can remove this one 4g
Please challenge the woman you like
It would be fine if an amateur thinks something is light
It is better that there is a certain degree of load case to move quickly but you have such a feeling
I Other features can be performed at 4 grams also said that users had I the adjustment and so
It is part distribution recording of this warning part
It 's better to slide than usb connector gold plated
There is a sense of luxury It is also very affordable price
Affordable car do a gaming mouse future game entering the gray hand people something good game
If you are thinking you want Ing , please give it a try
It was provided from the also ec leverage of the old man